hey guys so today I'm going to be
showing you how to make your own hair
bows um depending on the size that you
want to make it these can go on the back
of a ponytail or on the side of your
head so let's start and I'm going to
show you how to do this but I don't have
really have a place to set the camera
that you can see my desktop where I'm
making these so I have like all the
steps laid out for you and I'm just
going to be going through the steps so
yeah okay then so take some ribbon like
this this is sheer kind of like ribbon
and it's white if any color okay so mine
was measured out to 11 inches so what
you're going to do is you're going to
take that wire wired ribbon is the best
but isn't have to be wired okay and I'm
holding mine down with a highlighter but
basically what you're going to do I'm
going to take this off so you can see is
you're going to fold over each edge see
out that fold over and so is that like
that okay in the next step there's a
bunch of ways to do it you can you can
do it with on the same kind of ribbon
that you have or with curling ribbon
like this silver curling ribbon that I
have ok I showed you how to like if you
don't have a hot glue gun which is
preferred to pit to do this um you what
you can do is use a staple if that's
what you have um and I have the
structure laid out right here okay right
here as you can see I've button it's
inch thick piece of the ribbon and I
have an open stable right there and it's
through one end of the ribbon just open
so what you would do would be to fold
this over and then put the staple
through the other side and close the
staple with your fingers and then the
end it would look like that and you
would have a nice little circle around
there and of course you would tie that
um if you want you can try to tie the
same kind of ribbon but that would be
kind of hard and you can tie it around
there but I used curling ribbon and I
just double knotted it for this and this
is basically what you're fit
product would be if you haven't use 11
inches it would be a little bit bigger
than this and probably appropriate for
the back of a ponytail but I used like a
little bit short in the 11 inches on
when i did the finished product looking
one this one was 11 inches and this
would be like I probably did five inches
or something on this and this would be a
side of the head bow and as you can see
I have the curling ribbon tied neatly
around there and it's silver and I think
it looks really cute so there you go I
hope that's probably for you this is
probably for me the most the easiest bow
making tutorial ever a lot of other
tutorials on bow making have a bunch of
steps and they're complicated and they
don't really turn out as nice and long
lasting as those and they have like a
lot of hard to get supplies and stuff
like that so yeah not to my bow tutorial
and I hope you liked it and I hope you
try it out leave in the comments below
if you tried it out and you like it
please